docs(1.9.0): add orphan-resource-auto-deletion-grace-period setting (#1111)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/advanced-resources/data-cleanup/orphaned-data-cleanup.md

Longhorn supports the detection and cleanup of orphaned replica directories. It identifies the directories and gives a list of `orphan` resources that describe those directories. By default, Longhorn does not automatically delete `orphan` resources and their directories. Users can trigger the deletion of orphaned replica directories manually or have it done automatically.

> When automatic orphan deletion is enabled, Longhorn removes orphan CRs and their corresponding directories after the delay defined by the `orphan-resource-auto-deletion-grace-period` setting. If a user manually deletes an orphaned CR, the deletion occurs immediately and does not respect this grace period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When automatic orphan deletion is enabled, Longhorn automatically deletes orphaned Custom Resources (CRs) and their associated directories after the delay defined by the `orphan-resource-auto-deletion-grace-period` setting. If a user manually deletes an orphaned CR, the deletion occurs immediately and does not respect this grace period.
```
